README.md, before:

# connor-bot
Testing out the bot framework  
https://connor-bot.azurewebsites.net/  
https://dev.botframework.com/bots?id=connor

## What can it do?
It can ask you for your name and repeat back what you say

## Integrations
I have tested the following integrations with the bot framework

### Skype
I have enabled Skype integration:  
https://join.skype.com/bot/e44e2e7a-021b-4d61-9d87-f678a97cfc14

### Facebook
I have created a Facebook application and associated page to message:  
https://developers.facebook.com/apps/688876841301576  
https://www.facebook.com/theconnorbot

### Slack
I have created a slack application and linked the bot to it:  
https://api.slack.com/apps/A63FKLNUF  
It is a member of the dylanjones team, in the bots channel:  
https://dylanjones.slack.com/messages/C62JAJG2X  
Add it to your team:  
https://slack.com/oauth/authorize?&client_id=18619608532.207529702967&scope=bot

### Teams
I have added the bot to teams, there was no extra configuration:  
https://teams.microsoft.com/l/chat/0/0?users=28:e44e2e7a-021b-4d61-9d87-f678a97cfc14

### Email
I have configured email integration:  
[theconnorbot@outlook.com](mailto://theconnorbot@outlook.com)

### Twilio
I have configured Twilio integration by creating a TwiML app:  
https://www.twilio.com/console/sms/dev-tools/twiml-apps/AP4d3fa032eb617ecadb6e3f3812e3aa0b  
and assigning it to the number:
[+441422400729](tel://+441422400729)

### Cortana
I have configured the bot to be a Cortana skill with 'Connor' as it's invocation. I have not got it to work yet. Members of the test group should have access:  
https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/cortana/signup/groupconsent/d00bc1cf-d549-49f5-b96f-dd53a1355249

### Telegram
I have configured integration with a bot on Telegram:  
https://web.telegram.org/#/im?p=@theconnorbot

Commit message:

Add current and future intents

README.md, after:

# connor-bot
Testing out the bot framework  
https://connor-bot.azurewebsites.net/  
https://dev.botframework.com/bots?id=connor

## What can it do?
It will ask you for your name and then you can trigger one of the following intents:  
- <b>Time</b>: Tell you the current date-time
- <b>Random</b>: Tell you a random number between 0 and 100
- <b>Weather</b>: Tell you it's raining

Otherwise it will repeat back what you say

## Integrations
I have tested the following integrations with the bot framework

### Skype
I have enabled Skype integration:  
https://join.skype.com/bot/e44e2e7a-021b-4d61-9d87-f678a97cfc14

### Facebook
I have created a Facebook application and associated page to message:  
https://developers.facebook.com/apps/688876841301576  
https://www.facebook.com/theconnorbot

### Slack
I have created a slack application and linked the bot to it:  
https://api.slack.com/apps/A63FKLNUF  
It is a member of the dylanjones team, in the bots channel:  
https://dylanjones.slack.com/messages/C62JAJG2X  
Add it to your team:  
https://slack.com/oauth/authorize?&client_id=18619608532.207529702967&scope=bot

### Teams
I have added the bot to teams, there was no extra configuration:  
https://teams.microsoft.com/l/chat/0/0?users=28:e44e2e7a-021b-4d61-9d87-f678a97cfc14

### Email
I have configured email integration:  
[theconnorbot@outlook.com](mailto://theconnorbot@outlook.com)

### Twilio
I have configured Twilio integration by creating a TwiML app:  
https://www.twilio.com/console/sms/dev-tools/twiml-apps/AP4d3fa032eb617ecadb6e3f3812e3aa0b  
and assigning it to the number:
[+441422400729](tel://+441422400729)

### Cortana
I have configured the bot to be a Cortana skill with 'Connor' as it's invocation. I have not got it to work yet. Members of the test group should have access:  
https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/cortana/signup/groupconsent/d00bc1cf-d549-49f5-b96f-dd53a1355249

### Telegram
I have configured integration with a bot on Telegram:  
https://web.telegram.org/#/im?p=@theconnorbot

## What could it do in the future?
Current future intent ideas are:
- Maintain lists for todo or shopping for example
- Tell a joke
- Train times
- Pringles price
